**References**

Earl DJ, Deem MW. 2005. Parallel tempering: Theory, applications, and
new perspectives. *Phys. Chem. Chem. Phys.* 7:3910--3916.

Hohna S, Landis MJ, Heath TA, Boussau B, Lartillot N, Moore BR,
Huelsenbeck JP, Ronquist F. 2016. RevBayes: Bayesian phylogenetic
inference using graphical models and an interactive model-specification
language. *Syst. Biol.* 65:726--736.

Horai S, Hayasaka K, Kondo R, Tsugane K, Takahata N. 1995. Recent
African origin of modern humans revealed by complete sequences of
hominoid mitochondrial DNAs. *Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A.*

Kumar S, Stecher G, Li M, Knyaz C, Tamura K. 2018. MEGA X: Molecular
evolutionary genetics analysis across computing platforms. *Mol. Biol.
Evol.* 35:1547--1549.

Lewis PO, Holder MT, Holsinger KE. 2005. Polytomies and bayesian
phylogenetic inference. *Syst. Biol.* 54:241--253.

Paradis E, Schliep K. 2019. Ape 5.0: An environment for modern
phylogenetics and evolutionary analyses in R. *Bioinformatics*
35:526--528.

dos Reis M, Yang Z. 2011. Approximate likelihood calculation on a
phylogeny for Bayesian Estimation of Divergence Times. *Mol. Biol.
Evol.* 28:2161--2172.

Revell LJ. 2012. phytools: An R package for phylogenetic comparative
biology (and other things). *Methods Ecol. Evol.* 3:217--223.

Schliep KP. 2011. Phangorn: phylogenetic analysis in {R}.
*Bioinformatics* \[Internet\] 27:592--593. Available from:
https://academic.oup.com/bioinformatics/article/27/4/592/198887

Yang Z. 2006. Computational Molecular Evolution. Oxford University Press
Available from: http://abacus.gene.ucl.ac.uk/CME/

Yang Z. 2014a. Molecular Evolution: A Statistical Approach. Oxford
University Press Available from: http://abacus.gene.ucl.ac.uk/MESA/

Yang Z. 2014b. MESA Dataset. Available from:
http://abacus.gene.ucl.ac.uk/MESA/Yang2014.MESA.data.tgz

Yang Z. 2015. The BPP program for species tree estimation and species
delimitation. *Curr. Zool.* 61:854--865.

Yang Z. 2022. Errata I of Yang 2014 Molecular Evolution: A Statistical
Approach. Available from:
http://abacus.gene.ucl.ac.uk/MESA/Yang2014.MESA.Corrections.pdf

Yang Z, Rannala B. 2005. Branch-length prior influences Bayesian
posterior probability of phylogeny. *Syst. Biol.* 54:455--470.

Yang Z, Dos Reis M. 2011. Statistical properties of the branch-site test
of positive selection. *Mol. Biol. Evol.* 28:1217--1228.
